Document properties of DataProcessors (#393)
TYPO3-Documentation/TYPO3CMS-Reference-Typoscript: Documentation/Setup/Config/Index.rst

         To include records of type <table name> on page <pid> into the cache
         lifetime calculation of page <page-id>, add the following TypoScript::

            config.cache.<page-id> = <table name>:<storage-pid>

         Multiple record sources can be added as comma-separated list, see the
         examples.

         You can use the keyword "all" instead of a <page-id> to consider
         records for the cache lifetime of all pages.

         You can use the keyword "current" instead of a <storage-pid> to consider

>          records on the current page for the cache life of it-self.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
         records on the current page for the cache life of itself.
```
